Add an option to redis metadata engine for a generic key prefix (#6849)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/administration/metadata/redis_best_practices.md

This feature requires JuiceFS v1.0.0 or higher
:::

> JuiceFS also supports Redis Cluster as a metadata engine, the `META-URL` format is `redis[s]://[[USER]:PASSWORD@]ADDR:PORT,[ADDR:PORT],[ADDR:PORT][/DB][?prefix=<prefix>]`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JuiceFS also supports Redis Cluster as a metadata engine. The `META-URL` format is `redis[s]://[[USER]:PASSWORD@]ADDR:PORT,[ADDR:PORT],[ADDR:PORT][/DB][?prefix=<prefix>]`. For example:
```

```shell
juicefs format redis://127.0.0.1:7000,127.0.0.1:7001,127.0.0.1:7002/1 myjfs
```

:::tip

> Redis Cluster does not support multiple databases. However, it splits the key space into 16384 hash slots, and distributes the slots to several nodes. Based on Redis Cluster's [Hash Tag](https://redis.io/docs/reference/cluster-spec/#hash-tags) feature, JuiceFS adds `{DB}` before all file system keys to ensure they will be hashed to the same hash slot, assuring that transactions can still work. If you set `?prefix=<prefix>`, JuiceFS will use that value as the hash tag instead. Besides, one Redis Cluster can serve for multiple JuiceFS file systems as long as they use different db numbers or explicit prefixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Cluster does not support multiple databases. However, it splits the key space into 16,384 hash slots and distributes them across nodes. Based on Redis Cluster's [hash tag](https://redis.io/docs/reference/cluster-spec/#hash-tags) feature, JuiceFS adds `{DB}` to the beginning of each key to ensure that all keys of a JuiceFS file system are placed in the same hash slot, assuring that transactions can still work. If you set `?prefix=<prefix>`, JuiceFS uses that value as the hash tag instead. Moreover, a single Redis Cluster can serve multiple JuiceFS file systems as long as they use different database numbers or explicit prefixes.
```
